
> vuexy-mui-nextjs-admin-template@5.0.1 foto:prompt /Users/jreye/Documents/greenhouse-eo
> node scripts/foto/build-prompt.mjs ai-generations/2026-09-21_codex-seo-aeo-registro-c/brief/02-relevancia.json

IT MUST NOT LOOK AI-GENERATED: a real candid documentary photograph taken by a working photographer on a full-frame mirrorless camera with a real lens. Realism comes from PEOPLE, LIGHT AND MATERIALS, not from dirt: visible skin pores, fine wrinkles, uneven skin tone, stray hairs, natural fabric creases, real paper texture, soft dust visible only in a beam of light, slight motion blur on moving hands, subtle natural lens vignetting, a slightly imperfect un-staged composition. The SPACE is clean, cared-for and organized like a premium creative studio: only one or two lived-in details (a mug, a notebook); NO dirt, NO stains, NO coffee rings, NO loose tape scraps, NO tangled cables, NO mess. No plastic skin, no perfect symmetry, no glossy CGI surfaces, no over-sharpening, no HDR, no beauty retouching, no stock-photo smiles. Natural true-to-life color with no color grading; highlights keep detail, shadows open. Latin American people with real, characterful faces. PRINTED MATTER EXISTS but is never readable: book spines, labels, packaging, papers and screens are present exactly as they would be in any real working room, and they are kept ILLEGIBLE BY PHYSICAL MEANS ONLY — too small, out of focus, cut by the frame edge, at a steep angle, turned away or lost in shadow — NEVER by being blank. NO blank book spines, NO empty labels, NO unmarked packaging, NO featureless screens: a room where nothing at all carries writing reads as fabricated. No logos, no brand marks, no watermarks, and no text sharp enough to actually read.

VISUAL IMPACT (this is an award-level editorial photograph, the kind that stops the scroll): ONE bold visual idea per frame; LIGHT WITH CHARACTER — a hard, directional beam of real sunlight or a single strong source sculpting the subject, with crisp graphic shadows and rich but detailed darks (never flat, never evenly lit); a DECISIVE MOMENT at the peak of the action; a GRAPHIC COMPOSITION with strong geometry, clear figure-ground separation and generous calm negative space; THREE distinct depth planes (blurred foreground, sharp subject, soft background). COLOR: natural true-to-life color, no grading; a restrained palette where bright azure blue (#0375DB) emerges naturally in the spatial composition through scene light, reflections, real materials or the relationship between depth planes, creating graphic rhythm without requiring a separate blue prop; everything else calm and neutral-warm; highlights keep detail; white balance warm-neutral, shadows never blue.

MOTIVATED LIGHT — verify it by these landmarks: the light on the subject comes from a SOURCE THAT IS VISIBLE IN THE FRAME — a monitor, a screen, a practical lamp, a window — and that source is what lights them. The fall-off is visible: the side of the face nearest the source is lit and the far side drops into darkness, with the direction reading unmistakably from the source. Colour comes from the real source, never from a colour filter or a grade over the whole image.

VERTICAL 4:5 composition. All heads and hands stay BELOW 36% of the frame height. TEXT SPACE (planned, essential): the TOP 30% of the frame is the smooth graphite plaster wall of the actual photography studio behind the workbench, a DEEP, warm, evenly toned shadow, deep but ALWAYS keeping visible texture and detail of the material — never a flat pure-black panel, never an evenly filled shape — dark enough for white text, with no objects, windows, light beams or bright spots in it, reserved for a headline.

IMAGE 1 (object reference): Image 1 is the official 3D figure of Codex, the OpenAI mascot. Reproduce EXACTLY this figure as a real, physical, finely made small collectible figure about 25 cm tall, at correct scale with contact shadows. Do not redraw it, do not restyle it and do not change its proportions. Ignore its studio background.

 SCENE photographed in the Efeonce digital studio, hard neutral daylight raking in from a low window at frame left, physically motivated light with crisp small shadows, no amber cast, modern digital tools. The upper 38 percent is an unbroken smooth graphite plaster wall in deep shadow for white advertising typography to be composed later, no beams, objects or figures in that area. All action is concentrated between 42 and 78 percent of frame height, large enough to understand on a phone. Only one small Codex figure, exact proportions and silhouette of its reference, photographed as a real tactile physical 25cm object, with contact shadows. No people. No paper, no books, no coffee mugs, no company wordmarks, no fabricated logos, no legible screen text. Blue comes from the navy equipment and the figurine, orange is a single physical functional detail, never a global filter. No holograms. Precise real optical texture, sophisticated commercial photography, not CGI. The Codex figure is bent over a dark landscape tablet on a navy workbench. Three narrow illuminated translucent glass tiles rise physically only a few centimetres from slots in a dark aluminium reader: one is lit from below, two remain dim. The figure is reaching toward the single lit tile, caught before touching it. These are tangible small components with edges and contact shadows, not floating cards or holograms, no letters and no symbols on the tiles. The reader built into the table is the visible low cool light source: it illuminates the fingertips and lower visor from below without tinting the wall. A tiny orange physical latch on the device is the one accent. Table-height perspective, close 70mm optical lens, asymmetrical large triangular arrangement. The tablet stand is anodised active blue #0375DB metal, clearly visible as a functional blue object independently of the mascot, never a background panel.

FOREGROUND (planned): the out-of-focus back of a navy upholstered studio chair very close to camera, so close to the lens that it dissolves into a soft abstract blur with no visible edges or details, spanning the ENTIRE width of the bottom 18% of the frame (never a hard band), deep navy nearly black cloth in natural shadow, continuous soft defocus without a hard edge; its center calm and even.

─── size: 1152x1440 ───

  pnpm ai:image --model gpt-image-2.5-sunburst --quality high --size 1152x1440 \
    --image ai-generations/2026-09-17_codex-poses-3d/final/efeonce-codex-3d-01-frente-heroe-1x1-1600x1600-v01-transparente.png \
    --prompt-file <ruta al prompt> --out <dir>/02-relevancia-plate.png


  Antes de gastar, mirá el estándar aprobado:
    ai-generations/2026-09-19_lenguaje-fotografico-efeonce/rondas/texto/  (la ronda que el operador aprobó)
    ai-generations/2026-09-20_piloto-reservas/rondas/p1/                  (piloto de las reservas nuevas)
