
> vuexy-mui-nextjs-admin-template@5.0.1 foto:prompt /Users/jreye/Documents/greenhouse-eo
> node scripts/foto/build-prompt.mjs ai-generations/2026-09-21_codex-seo-aeo-registro-c/brief/03-diagnostico.json

IT MUST NOT LOOK AI-GENERATED: a real candid documentary photograph taken by a working photographer on a full-frame mirrorless camera with a real lens. Realism comes from PEOPLE, LIGHT AND MATERIALS, not from dirt: visible skin pores, fine wrinkles, uneven skin tone, stray hairs, natural fabric creases, real paper texture, soft dust visible only in a beam of light, slight motion blur on moving hands, subtle natural lens vignetting, a slightly imperfect un-staged composition. The SPACE is clean, cared-for and organized like a premium creative studio: only one or two lived-in details (a mug, a notebook); NO dirt, NO stains, NO coffee rings, NO loose tape scraps, NO tangled cables, NO mess. No plastic skin, no perfect symmetry, no glossy CGI surfaces, no over-sharpening, no HDR, no beauty retouching, no stock-photo smiles. Natural true-to-life color with no color grading; highlights keep detail, shadows open. Latin American people with real, characterful faces. PRINTED MATTER EXISTS but is never readable: book spines, labels, packaging, papers and screens are present exactly as they would be in any real working room, and they are kept ILLEGIBLE BY PHYSICAL MEANS ONLY — too small, out of focus, cut by the frame edge, at a steep angle, turned away or lost in shadow — NEVER by being blank. NO blank book spines, NO empty labels, NO unmarked packaging, NO featureless screens: a room where nothing at all carries writing reads as fabricated. No logos, no brand marks, no watermarks, and no text sharp enough to actually read.

VISUAL IMPACT (this is an award-level editorial photograph, the kind that stops the scroll): ONE bold visual idea per frame; LIGHT WITH CHARACTER — a hard, directional beam of real sunlight or a single strong source sculpting the subject, with crisp graphic shadows and rich but detailed darks (never flat, never evenly lit); a DECISIVE MOMENT at the peak of the action; a GRAPHIC COMPOSITION with strong geometry, clear figure-ground separation and generous calm negative space; THREE distinct depth planes (blurred foreground, sharp subject, soft background). COLOR: natural true-to-life color, no grading; a restrained palette where bright azure blue (#0375DB) emerges naturally in the spatial composition through scene light, reflections, real materials or the relationship between depth planes, creating graphic rhythm without requiring a separate blue prop; everything else calm and neutral-warm; highlights keep detail; white balance warm-neutral, shadows never blue.

THROUGH THE INSTRUMENT: the photograph is taken LOOKING THROUGH the broad circular glass of a modern machined aluminium inspection lens on a low stand above the tablet — the glass of the instrument fills the centre of the frame and what is seen inside it is razor sharp and magnified or distorted, while everything outside its barrel falls away into soft blur. The barrel itself is real, with a visible edge and a thin reflection. This is REAL optical distortion through a real piece of glass — not a digital effect, not a vignette, not a circular crop.

VERTICAL 4:5 composition. All heads and hands stay BELOW 36% of the frame height. TEXT SPACE (planned, essential): the TOP 30% of the frame is the smooth graphite plaster wall of the actual photography studio behind the workbench, a DEEP, warm, evenly toned shadow, deep but ALWAYS keeping visible texture and detail of the material — never a flat pure-black panel, never an evenly filled shape — dark enough for white text, with no objects, windows, light beams or bright spots in it, reserved for a headline.

IMAGE 1 (object reference): Image 1 is the official 3D figure of Codex, the OpenAI mascot. Reproduce EXACTLY this figure as a real, physical, finely made small collectible figure about 25 cm tall, at correct scale with contact shadows. Do not redraw it, do not restyle it and do not change its proportions. Ignore its studio background.

 SCENE photographed in the Efeonce digital studio, hard neutral daylight raking in from a low window at frame left, physically motivated light with crisp small shadows, no amber cast, modern digital tools. The upper 38 percent is an unbroken smooth graphite plaster wall in deep shadow for white advertising typography to be composed later, no beams, objects or figures in that area. All action is concentrated between 42 and 78 percent of frame height, large enough to understand on a phone. Only one small Codex figure, exact proportions and silhouette of its reference, photographed as a real tactile physical 25cm object, with contact shadows. No people. No paper, no books, no coffee mugs, no company wordmarks, no fabricated logos, no legible screen text. Blue comes from the navy equipment and the figurine, orange is a single physical functional detail, never a global filter. No holograms. Precise real optical texture, sophisticated commercial photography, not CGI. A modern large machined-aluminium inspection lens on a low stand dominates the lower centre of the picture. THROUGH the lens we see a magnified small section of an illuminated tablet with clean abstract blue-white lines and a clearly empty rectangular gap, no readable characters. The Codex figure stands beside the instrument, one little hand resting on the stand as if adjusting it, face unobstructed by glass. A single orange adjustment collar provides the story accent. Navy anodised digital workbench and one short braided cable, no extra decor. The lens makes a real physical optical distortion of the tablet, never duplicates the figure. Low 100mm macro perspective f/4; the large round lens is hero and Codex is secondary. The tablet stand is anodised active blue #0375DB metal, clearly visible as a functional blue object independently of the mascot, never a background panel. The figure is turning the adjustment collar at the instant the lines in the lens come into focus.

FOREGROUND (planned): the out-of-focus back of a navy upholstered studio chair very close to camera, so close to the lens that it dissolves into a soft abstract blur with no visible edges or details, spanning the ENTIRE width of the bottom 18% of the frame (never a hard band), deep navy nearly black cloth in natural shadow, continuous soft defocus without a hard edge; its center calm and even.

─── size: 1152x1440 ───

  pnpm ai:image --model gpt-image-2.5-sunburst --quality high --size 1152x1440 \
    --image ai-generations/2026-09-17_codex-poses-3d/final/efeonce-codex-3d-01-frente-heroe-1x1-1600x1600-v01-transparente.png \
    --prompt-file <ruta al prompt> --out <dir>/03-diagnostico-plate.png


  Antes de gastar, mirá el estándar aprobado:
    ai-generations/2026-09-19_lenguaje-fotografico-efeonce/rondas/texto/  (la ronda que el operador aprobó)
    ai-generations/2026-09-20_piloto-reservas/rondas/p1/                  (piloto de las reservas nuevas)
