IT MUST NOT LOOK AI-GENERATED: a real cinematic film still taken by a working photographer on a full-frame mirrorless camera with a real lens. Realism comes from PEOPLE, LIGHT AND MATERIALS, not from dirt: visible skin pores, fine wrinkles, uneven skin tone, stray hairs, natural fabric creases, soft dust visible only in a beam of light, subtle natural lens vignetting, a slightly imperfect un-staged composition. The SPACE is clean, cared-for and organized like a premium creative studio: nothing lived-in, nothing analog: no mugs, notebooks, books or paper; NO dirt, NO stains, NO coffee rings, NO loose tape scraps, NO tangled cables, NO mess. No plastic skin, no perfect symmetry, no glossy CGI surfaces, no over-sharpening, no HDR, no beauty retouching, no stock-photo smiles. Natural true-to-life color with no color grading; highlights keep detail; shadows fall to deep near-black that still keeps texture (there is no fill light). Only the people the scene declares are in the frame, with real, characterful faces; no extra people. There is no printed matter, no books and no screens unless the scene declares them; anything that carries writing is illegible by physical means (too small, out of focus or in shadow). No logos, no brand marks, no watermarks, and no text sharp enough to actually read.

VISUAL IMPACT (this is an award-level editorial photograph, the kind that stops the scroll): ONE bold visual idea per frame; LIGHT WITH CHARACTER — a single hard source, close to the subject and to one side, sculpting the subject with NO fill light, with crisp graphic shadows and rich but detailed darks (never flat, never evenly lit); a single decisive instant; a GRAPHIC COMPOSITION with strong geometry, clear figure-ground separation and generous calm negative space; THREE distinct depth planes (blurred foreground, sharp subject, soft background). COLOR: natural true-to-life color, no grading; a restrained palette where the colour of the light phenomenon declared in the scene is the only accent; everything else deep cool navy and near-black; highlights keep detail; white balance cool-neutral; shadows deep navy-black, never amber, never warm tungsten, never saturated blue.

MOTIVATED LIGHT — verify it by these landmarks: the light on the subject comes from a SOURCE THAT IS VISIBLE IN THE FRAME — the light object the scene declares as its phenomenon, never a monitor, a lamp or a window — and that source is what lights them. The fall-off is visible: the side of the face nearest the source is lit and the far side drops into darkness, with the direction reading unmistakably from the source. Colour comes from the real source, never from a colour filter or a grade over the whole image.

ATMOSPHERE: a low even haze hangs in the air of the space, so the shafts of light stand as solid visible columns and distance reads in layers; the haze is clean and thin, never fog, never smog.

VERTICAL 4:5 composition. All heads and hands stay BELOW 36% of the frame height. TEXT SPACE (planned, essential): the TOP 30% of the frame is one continuous, evenly dark, deep navy-black matte plaster studio wall with fine visible texture, a DEEP, evenly toned near-black shadow, deep but ALWAYS keeping visible texture and detail of the material — never a flat pure-black panel, never an evenly filled shape — dark enough for white text, with no objects, windows, light beams or bright spots in it, reserved for a headline.

IMAGE 1 (object reference): Image 1 is the Efeonce team hoodie. Image 1 shows this garment ALREADY WORN, with its Efeonce mark already applied. Copy the GARMENT exactly as it appears there — same colour, same cut, same mark at the same size and position, and the way it sits and creases on a body. The PERSON in that image is NOT the person in this scene and their face, body and pose do not carry over; ignore them and ignore the background entirely. Do NOT redraw, resize or restyle the mark: it is not yours to design, only to copy.

IMAGE 2 (object reference): Image 2 is the Efeonce team bomber jacket. Image 2 shows this garment ALREADY WORN, with its Efeonce mark already applied. Copy the GARMENT exactly as it appears there — same colour, same cut, same mark at the same size and position, and the way it sits and creases on a body. The PERSON in that image is NOT the person in this scene and their face, body and pose do not carry over; ignore them and ignore the background entirely. Do NOT redraw, resize or restyle the mark: it is not yours to design, only to copy.

IMAGE 3 (object reference): Image 3 is the Efeonce team polo. Image 3 shows this garment ALREADY WORN, with its Efeonce mark already applied. Copy the GARMENT exactly as it appears there — same colour, same cut, same mark at the same size and position, and the way it sits and creases on a body. The PERSON in that image is NOT the person in this scene and their face, body and pose do not carry over; ignore them and ignore the background entirely. Do NOT redraw, resize or restyle the mark: it is not yours to design, only to copy.

SCENE (cinematic ensemble still with real depth of field, an empty dark studio at night with no desks, no monitors, no plants and no lamps). GEOGRAPHY, the most important instruction: the UPPER 46% of the frame is one continuous, evenly dark, deep navy-black matte plaster studio wall with fine visible texture: no light falls on it, no glow, no bokeh, no ribbon and no objects. Everything lit lives between 48% and 80% of the frame height. The LOWEST 20% is a near-black matte stage riser right in front of the lens, completely out of focus, non-reflective, outside every light. THE MOMENT: the Efeonce squad of EXACTLY FIVE people stands in ONE single line shoulder to shoulder, framed from the waist up — this is a five-person group, not a chest-up portrait: each head is only about one tenth of the frame height — all five heads in the same band between 50% and 60% of the frame height, the riser cutting them at the waist. From LEFT to RIGHT: ONE, Isabella, a Colombian woman of 27 with deep brown skin, soft freckles and big natural 3C-4A curls, in the deep navy bomber jacket over the polo; TWO, Sophia, a slim woman of 31 with a short dark-brown curly bob and thin gold-wire glasses, in the deep navy bomber jacket over the polo; THREE, in the CENTER, Karo — the woman of images 1-2, long copper-brown 3A-3B ringlets and gold hoops — in the Efeonce hoodie exactly as in its reference; FOUR, Hum — the woman of images 3-4, long very dark brown loose waves and a tiny silver stud on one nostril — in the deep navy bomber jacket over the polo; FIVE, Antonio, a Mexican man of 35 with straight black hair combed back and a short groomed beard, in the deep navy bomber jacket over the polo. Running in front of their chests from left to right, ONE long, flowing RIBBON of pure teal light (#36C8BF) carries small glowing work cards. The four others each rest ONE hand on the ribbon where it passes, the arm fully visible from shoulder to hand, the other hand relaxed at their side. Karo does NOT touch the ribbon: with both hands she holds ONE piece just in front of her chin, never above her head, checking it, and the ribbon passes unbroken in front of her chest; that piece is the brightest element and lights her face. The ribbon is the only key light; NO fill. A cool azure (#0375DB) rim light from behind outlines hair and shoulders. Thin haze catches the ribbon, only below 48%. Nobody else is in the frame. The ribbon enters at the left frame edge and leaves at the right frame edge. All except Karo look straight into the lens with calm, confident expressions; nobody looks at anybody else. The pieces are rounded rectangles: no circles, no dots, no spheres, no rings. Camera about six meters away at chest height, 85mm, realistic adult proportions, nothing foreshortened. Fine dust, real sensor grain, genuine depth of field. Rich contrast, deep navy blacks. No readable text, no letters, no logos of any other brand.

CINEMATIC CRAFT (registro cine):
KEY LIGHT: ONE long, flowing ribbon of pure teal light (#36C8BF) running in front of their chests, and ONE piece lifted off it in Karo hands, below the faces, in front of the chests, about 20 to 40 cm from their chests. It is the ONLY key light: NO fill light, NO front light, NO bounce. The face is modelled by that one source: the half turned away from it falls into clearly deeper shadow, the direction of the light reads at a glance and the nose shadow is legible on the cheek.
BACKGROUND: about six meters behind the squad, a row of large cold practical lights melted into round bokeh, kept low, never in the upper 46%. Every background light and figure stays BELOW 36% of the frame height; nothing bright hangs in the top third.
THE LIGHT PHENOMENON: one continuous ribbon of orange light passes from hand to hand across the five people: each one touches it at the point where their service acts, and it never breaks. It stays entirely BELOW 36% of the frame height: the top third of the frame is calm, deep dark space with no part of it, no light and no objects.
UNIFORM COLOUR: every Efeonce garment keeps the exact colour of its reference (the hoodie is the royal blue of its reference); the others are deep navy, never royal blue, cobalt or bright blue.

FOREGROUND (planned): a near-black matte stage riser right in front of the lens, crossing the whole width of the lowest 20% of the frame, completely out of focus, non-reflective, outside every light, the lens only a few centimetres behind its near edge, so it is a soft out-of-focus mass that rises unevenly from the bottom of the frame and covers the bottom 18% — it reads as a real object, never as a flat horizontal band — DARK near black; its center calm and even. It is matte and non-reflective, outside the reach of the key light: no light and no reflection falls on it.

─── size: 1152x1440 ───

  pnpm ai:image --model gpt-image-2.5-sunburst --quality high --size 1152x1440 \
    --image ai-generations/2026-09-17_hoodie-efeonce/final/efeonce-hoodie-15-puesto-frente-1200x1600-v01-fondo-estudio.png --image ai-generations/2026-09-17_chaqueta-efeonce/final/efeonce-chaqueta-bomber-14-puesto-frente-1200x1600-v01-fondo-estudio.png --image ai-generations/2026-09-17_polo-efeonce/final/efeonce-polo-navy-13-puesto-frente-1200x1600-v01-fondo-estudio.png \
    --prompt-file <ruta al prompt> --out <dir>/EC1-sin-identidad-plate.png


  Antes de gastar, mira el estándar aprobado:
    ai-generations/2026-09-19_lenguaje-fotografico-efeonce/rondas/texto/  (la ronda que el operador aprobó)
    ai-generations/2026-09-20_piloto-reservas/rondas/p1/                  (piloto de las reservas nuevas)
